Well, things change all the time. But currently there is this, um, website
that you can go on. It's called CMS I d. That gives you a list
of opportunities that are currently available. I think, uh, it's changing.
It might be my navy assignments right now, but any other case,
it's, uh there's always a website you can go on that you put in your
information you put in your past and you put in the things that you
know about your things that you're an expert on, and then they kind
of match. You doesn't have to exactly match your rate, but, um, it
should be in the same general feel if you're doing electric. Um, if
you have an electrical rate, you can do some kind of engineering job,
so it might be a mechanical. It might be a neat job, but a so long
as you have some kind of experience with it, um, you have a little
bit of freedom toe get those jobs based on the website based on what
they need